go all right what's up guys ninja
deathstrike here bringing you my very
first match with boundaries crossed
it'll probably come as no surprise to a
lot of you that first deck i'm going to
showcase is the newest one the news big
deck to come out of the format Blastoise
kellyo usually I try and put the the
first video of a new set up with the
most hyped deck so this is going to be
no exception I've tried as hard as I
could to get some matches for this week
unfortunately due to my birthday
celebrations I was pretty busy over the
weekend didn't get to play as much as
I'd like to sew these matches or maybe
not quite the best but at least they're
against real decks or this one is which
is something that I mean I played for
like two hours and this is the only
remotely acceptable match that I took so
it's not going to be my best upload ever
but at least it's going to show off some
new stuff so my opponent is playing a
Landorus garbage which is actually I
think shaping up to be a pretty strong
deck I've tested it a little bit I still
need to work on my list but it's not a
bad deck by any means so looked like a
real deck and then he pulls out sie doch
I don't know I don't know what side ox
doing in there I guess it's his counter
to opposing landris because golda can do
a 94 to waters which would be enough to
take out an opposing landers DX so maybe
that's what's going on here but he gets
to go first he gets that turn one hammer
head which is so strong and we see
squirtles ability come into play his
shell armor or whatever it is she'll
shield I think maybe prevent him from
taking bench damage which is kind of a
big deal on my turn I do decide to bench
that Kelly oh just so I have it in play
it was a little early since I'm
definitely not getting a Blastoise
anytime soon but I
you get the cards for a pretty quick
Blastoise I have that computer search
which obviously just lets you discard
two cards and search for any card you
want and on top of that I have a Scylla
so I have a turn to blast toys in my
hand right now as long as I don't get
end which if you watch my videos means
of course I will immediately so he gets
his garb odor up on turn two that's
going to be a problem I think he put an
experienced share on it and that's not
the ideal tool to have but it is going
to shut down my powers that means I
can't rush in with Kelly oh I can't use
rain dance or I what's it called it's
not rain dance anymore it starts with
adi I think deluge can't use deluge with
a Blastoise so I got to take that guy
out ASAP fortunately for me I've managed
to hit my only two dces uh so I'm just
gonna go agram you too instead of
actually playing the deck that I built
yeah decide not to waste the water
energy just go ahead put down the DCE
and now I can computer search I'll
probably get rid of that super scoop up
and the water and grab a blast toys and
then I can use Scylla to get my rare
candy so I'm going to get a turn to
blast toys you can see both of our decks
set up right away which is always nice
you know it's nice to play an actual
game against an opposing deck rather
than one person just drawing dead for
the entire game but I think he just
wasn't ready to handle Blastoise which
is a really stupid mistake to make
because everyone is going to be playing
it it's the new the new thing yeah so he
only benched one trubbish which means
I'm just able to catch her up and
obliterate garbodor with Mewtwo another
great reason to play in v2 in this deck
as good as garbage man is I think having
Scylla in the format really hurts him
because it's going to mean finding the
catcher's to kill him is a lot easier
you know darkrai handles them pretty
well and obviously Blastoise is always
going to be playing me
so Mewtwo takes him out pretty quickly
and now that I've taken out his uh his
key to his deck I just have to kill
these landraces which is not a big deal
for Blastoise obviously I have the type
advantage that's going to make it very
easy 3 energy on a Keldeo will just wipe
any land dress off the board regardless
of avaya light or not it's going to do a
110 base which will put it at 220 more
than enough to kill any landris so he is
going to catch her up keldeo here which
is not a bad move since I only have one
on the bench it means that I can't rush
in when I'm already stuck active so that
was actually the right play on his part
you know hammerhead doesn't really
matter where he spreads his damaged so
catching up to kill da was a good
attempt to stall unfortunately for him i
had the juniper in my hand and I hit two
water energy so that is going to be the
three energy I needed to start
destroying these landris i might play
the heavy ball just to thin out my deck
i don't really need to play anything
else at this point i only play one of
heavy ball just because with skyla in
the format if you don't know what skyla
does it lets you search your deck for
any trainer card and put it into your
hand it makes one of trainers really
really strong and so having something
like heavy ball in my deck means that if
I have a rare candy I can just scale up
for the level heavy ball as opposed to
being forced to go for the ultra bowl
and discard two cards so I think things
like heavy oil level ball and energy
search are all really strong text right
now just because of Scylla some people
I'm surprised some people don't give
Scylla the recognition I think it
deserves it's it's an amazing card
especially for anything that wants to
play guys that evolve if you tech your
deck right it's basically it just lets
you pick any one card out of your deck
which I don't see how that's not good
it's such a clutch card and obviously
played a big role here and getting me my
boss
choice so he's going to try and stall
and build up for a lands judgment which
would be able to take out mykel do you
notice he switched into his other
landorus and attached the second energy
to the one on the bench but I have
another catcher so that's not going to
happen just catch her it up and take it
out now he's down to I'm down to one
prize and he's got nothing going for him
the biggest problem with landris for me
is lack of energy acceleration obviously
we were supposed to get ether in the set
but we didn't and I think that really
weakens him which is fine I you know it
gives set up Dex like Blastoise a chance
as opposed to just landris kills
everything which isn't a really fun deck
but anyhow yeah I you know we both set
up but i think my deck was just built to
kill his he didn't have any plan for a
Blastoise at all which ended up being
his downfall so hopefully you guys liked
the first match thumbs up if you did
leave me a comment about whatever with
boundaries crossed let me know which
decks your liking and I will have more
matches coming away shortly thanks for
watching guys